

1. Select a View
Click the "View" button to switch between a 2D view and a 3D view

2a. Input your Cube
Select a color from the color palette at the top of the screen. Then click on
the sticker on the cube you want to have that color.

2b. Generate a Random Cube
Press the "Scramble" button to generate a random scrambled cube. An
algorithm will appear on the screen so that you may scramble your own cube in
the same way. Note that you must start scrambling with a solved cube.

3. Use Keyboard Commands to Rotate the Faces
Press l, r, u, d, f, or b on your keyboard. These letters represent a clockwise
rotation of the respective face (look at the Notation page for more information
about face turns). You may also rotate the entire cube by pressing "y" or "x" on
your keyboard. Note that you cannot rotate faces or change anything about the
cube while it is solving itself.

4. Solve
Press the "Solve" button to get the solution. If the inputted cube is valid,
it will begin to solve itself. You can speed up, pause, or go back a move using
the respective buttons.


####




1. Select a View
Click the "View" button to switch between a 2D view and a 3D view

2a. Input your Cube
Select a color from the color palette at the top of the screen.
Then click on the sticker on the cube you want to have that color.

2b. Generate a Random Scramble
Press the "Scramble" button to generate a random scrambled cube. An
algorithm will appear on the screen so that you may scramble your own cube
in the same way. Note that you must start with a solved cube.

3. Use Keyboard Commands to Rotate the Faces
Press l, r, u, d, f, or b on your keyboard. These letters represent a clockwise
rotation of the respective face (look at the Notation page for more information
about face turns). You may also rotate the entire cube by pressing "y" or "x" on
your keyboard. Note that you cannot rotate faces or change anything about the
cube while it is solving itself.

4. Begin Timer
Press the "Begin Timer" button to start the timer to determine the amount of
time it take you to solve a particular cube. Use the keyboard commands
mentioned in step 3 to solve the cube.


####



We will be using letters to represent the sides of the cube. Note that all the
moves are relative to the face that is currently facing you. After rotating the
cube, the moves will be relative to the new side.

Standard Moves:
R: rotate right face 90 degrees clockwise
L: rotate left face 90 degrees clockwise
U: rotate upper face 90 degrees clockwise
D: rotate down face 90 degrees clockwise
F: rotate front face 90 degrees clockwise
B: rotate back face 90 degrees clockwise

Cube Rotations:
y: rotate the entire cube clockwise by 90 degrees as if making a U move
x: rotate the entire cube clockwise by 90 degrees as if making an R move

Inverse Moves:
A move followed by an apostrophe (e.g. R', L', etc.) means rotating the
respective face 90 degrees in the counterclockwise direction instead of in the
normal clockwise direction.

Double Moves:
A move followed by the number 2 (e.g. R2, L2, etc.) means rotating the
respective face 180 degrees in either the clockwise or the counterclockwise
direction.









